DOC-2526-bitwise-accum-ops (#269)
tigergraph/gsql-docs: modules/querying/pages/accumulators.adoc

[#_bitwiseandaccum_bitwiseoraccum]
=== BitwiseAndAccum / BitwiseOrAccum

> The BitwiseAndAccum and BitwiseOrAccum types store fixed-length bit sequences and calculate the cumulative result of a series of bitwise boolean operations and store the resulting bit sequences.
> The default length for both BitwiseAndAccum and BitwiseOrAccum is 64 bits.

Author: ```suggestion
The BitwiseAndAccum and BitwiseOrAccum types represent fixed-length bit sequences and calculate the cumulative result of a series of bitwise boolean operations and store the resulting sequences.
```
